.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.TH YLE-DOWNLOADER-GUI 1 "Sep 23, 2013"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.SH NAME
yle-downloader-gui \- GUI for yle-dl
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yle-downloader-gui
.RI [ URL ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the command line usage of
\fByle-downloader-gui\fP.
.PP
\fByle-downloader-gui\fP is a graphical front-end for \fByle-dl\fP, a command line
application to download video and audio programs from the Finnish public
broadcast service Yle, more specifically its on-line services such as Yle Areena.
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B URL
URL of the web page of video or audio in Yle Areena etc.
.sp 1
If URL is given, only the video/audio at the URL is downloaded, plus those URLs
the user possibly adds to the download queue. Previous session is not loaded and
it is not affected at all. After download has finished, the application quits.
The session is not stored.
.sp 1
If no URL is given, the application restores the previous session, or starts
with empty video list if there was no session previously. In this case, the
session is stored on application quit.
.SH SEE ALSO
/usr/share/docs/yle-downloader-gui/README*
.SH AUTHORS
yle-downloader-gui is being developed by Martin Pärtel, Jesse Jaara, Tomas
Strand, and Henrik Pitkälä; see https://github.com/mpartel/yle-downloader-gui.
.PP
This manual page was written by Henrik Pitkälä <hpitkala@hotmail.com>
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).